docs:  improve structure of Explanations landing page (#1185)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl: docs/explanation/index.md

This section contains explanations that will help you develop a deeper
understanding of how the Ubuntu distro on WSL and the Ubuntu Pro for WSL

> applications are designed and secured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application are designed and secured.
```

"Application" here only refers to Ubuntu Pro for WSL, as distinct from the distro used with WSL.

## Ubuntu Pro for WSL

> Understand Ubuntu Pro for WSL, it's components, and how they work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understand Ubuntu Pro for WSL, its components, and how they work together.
```

```{toctree}
:titlesonly:
ref-arch-explanation
```

> ## Interoperability on Ubuntu WSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interoperability of Ubuntu on WSL
```

We are trying to standardise on "Ubuntu on WSL".

This is partially because Ubuntu WSL expanded is Ubuntu Windows Subsystem for Linux, which doesn't really make sense.

Author: That makes sense, thanks for the correction.

> Understand how Ubuntu WSL supports interoperability using `binfmt_misc` and its common limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about Ubuntu on WSL's interoperability with Windows, including how support for miscellaneous binary formats is handled.
```

Reviewer: Good to make clear here that we mean interoperability _with_ something (Windows). Trying to avoid `binfmt_misc` (may be unfamiliar) and limitations (a little negative -- interoperability in general works just fine, and the linked page refers to specific use-cases, so we don't won't to overemphasise).

```{toctree}
:titlesonly:
binfmt
```

> ## Security Considerations for Ubuntu WSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Security considerations for Ubuntu on WSL
```

Reviewer: We usually use sentence case for headings.

Author: Thanks for pointing that out

> Explore some security considerations for using Ubuntu WSL safely and securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore how Ubuntu on WSL can be used safely and securely.
```

Reviewer: Again, preferring Ubuntu on WSL and rewriting to not duplicate "considerations".
